Previously onSEAL Team...I lied about the shoulder.
You just gonna keep
punishing me for that?
This is _not about me
punishing you,
this is about me
not trusting you.
How am I gonna earn
back that trust
trapped in a
damn classroom?
DAVIS: I reapplied
to Officer Candidate School,
figured you should know.ERIC:
You are a leader.
You get in, you go.
You don't know
when you'll be back?
No, it's just a little spin up.I can live being
afraid for you,
JASON:
I found my own place.
It's not like
you're around anyway.
What do you want from me?
I guess what I really want
is for you not to die.
I'm not gonna die.
I don't believe you.
[muffled shouting
in Arabic]
No.
Look at that--
fresh coffee, huh?
Got the machine to work and all.
Congratulations, you can take it
to your new place.
Someone's mad at me.
No.
Morning. We got to
get moving, Mom.
Uh, honey, a broker's
open in Pungo came up.
Dad's taking you.
Wow. Last time
I saw you that excited
was when we got you
a singing bear for Christmas.
That was Elmo,
not a bear.
If it's not a bear, what is it?
Dad, the tour
starts at 8:00,
and I won't allow your desire
to suddenly understand
Elmo's genus
make me late
for my first
college tour.
Huh.
Can you pour
me one, too?
Look at you, high octane, when
did you start drinking coffee?
Since I had to leave
for a college tour
at the butt crack
of dawn.
Coffee.
What about "please"? "Please
pour me a cup of coffee."
_ Does that not work
In your vocabulary anymore
Coffee, coming up.
SONNY:
Is that Davis?
Davis!
Hey, Davis!
Headphones, bro.
SONNY: Oh, yeah.
It's just so strange, you know.
She's not really
a morning person.
So...
what you get your FRAN time
down to
Shoulder's strong as hell.
5:45.
Say what you're
trying to say, Sonny,
save us the time.
Well... you know,
I was in Jason's ear.
Bravo machine,
it's missing a gear.
I appreciate it, brother, but...
with Jason, it's about
more than the shoulder.
Come on, Ray, we've all
played hurt, all right?
You remember
that, uh,
convoy ta kedown
outside Kabul?
Well, the night before,
I sprained my wrist
punching a tree.
Okay, Sonny,
why'd you punch a tree?
I got twisted up on that
green raisin moonshine
that the locals make, you know,
and I swear, there was
this tree that was kind of
looking at me strange.
You know, so we got into it,
and I knocked that sucker
right out of his roots.
My point being,
is that
I didn't tell a damn soul
that I hurt my wrist.
Well, man or tree, no one's
gonna eyeball you, Sonny.
Look, man, I...
Thanks for having my back,
but all of you start
going at Jason, taking my side,
he'll just double down.
It's not about sides, Ray.
It's about getting the wolf pack
back together.
Brother, you know you're gonna
have to wrap your head
around something.
I may not be back.
Give 'em hell, yeah?
Mandy.
Davis, hi.
Hey.
Been a while.
How you doing?
You know,
I'm grinding.
World still stubbornly refuses
to give peace a chance.
How are you?
I'm good, yeah.
How's Jason doing?
Oh, they cleared him.
Yeah, his head's fine.
Good. And Bravo?
Clay's two, so, you know,
he's feeling his oats.
Sonny's Sonny.
Um, oh, you know,
Ray's out at Green Team.
You don't think he's
out for good, though?
I hope not.
You know,
it's above my pay grade.
Oh, damn, I'm late
for my flight.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, Blackburn told me
you're putting together
a new target package?
Iam.
Something big,
closer to home.
How close?
Hey, you don't have to...
Mexico.
Oh.
Okay, no. Fine.
No, but I never said that.
Ma, I am not giving up
on my doctorate, I just...
Mom! I...
Uh_-huh.
Okay, fIne, then,
j-just-- let's just
drop it, then.
Mm-hmm. All right.
Dinner this weekend?
Oh, you're driving down
to meet Clay.
I don't know, I...
It's fine.
No, you do not
know my parents.
I have to meet
'em sometime.
It's all right, this has
to happen eventually.
[speaking indistinctly
over phone]
No, I heard everything. Yeah,
no, Clay would love to meet you.
He would.
We just, with his schedule,
we can't really...
Of course.
Of course, we will make it work
if we can.
I love you.
Okay, bye.
You do not know what
you're getting yourself Into.
On your right is our state
of the art media complex,
where students produce
everything from news broadcasts
to virtual reality
experiences.
Up ahead is our
campus coffee shop.
Karaoke and pizza
every Tuesday.
Yeah, I'm sure
we can do that.
It seems like our girls
are fast friends, huh?
Yeah.
Nice campus, huh?
Of course this is
a safety for my Katie.
She's really hoping
for Yale or Princeton.
But between
you and me,
her GPA's
only a 4.1.
4.1?
Yeah, better than perfect,
not enough. What a world.
Uh, what about
your daughter?
JASON: Uh... Whatever
choice she makes,
I'm there for her.
She's happy, I'm happy.
Excuse me.
Uh, great talking to you.
I kind of love it here.
Is this a safety school for you?
Safety? I should know
what that is, right?
It means it's a lock
that I'll get in here.
Okay. All right, yeah.
It's nice. I like it.
You know what, hey,
I support any choice you make.
All right?
Just, you know, you end up
at a frat party,
I may have to gather up the boys
and crack some skulls,
you understand?
I'm not joking.
Work?
Yup, work.
Hmm.
Remind me not to pick a career
that can turn my life
upside down at any moment
and screw up my kid's day.
Right.
It's fine.
I'll come back with Mom
to see the rest of the school.
JASON:
Okay.
I'll have what
he's having.
I don't think
she likes you.
That's unfortunate.
That's predictable.
Nobody likes an
arrogant American
who thinks she can
stroll in here
and intimidate us locals.
It's bad manners.
MANDY:
I apologize for offending
your Victorian
sensibilities.
Graham Kowit.
I don't know who that is.
American DEA agent,
went missing a few weeks ago,
and I'm guessing you know
where to, Fausto.
Only friends use my name.
Be careful, it can be
terribly unhealthy
for a foreigner to poke her nose
in the wrong places,
in my world.
My advice:
focus on your own health.
Davis, saw you
working out early.
It's a little
out of the ordinary.
What's out of the ordinary
is that you weren't tied up
with a bunch of strippers
when we got paged.
JASON: Strippers.OTHERS: Ooh!
SONNY:
Hey, don't be judgy, Davis.
Okay, nothing wrong
with bunches of strippers.
Okay, the swarm seems best.
JASON: Whoa, whoa, whoa,
excuse me there,
Mr. GQ, no, no, no, you do
not get to comment, okay?
Stella pulled you out
of that pool, buddy.
Really not loving the
new nickname there.
You're not
feeling it?
Tell you what, why don't you
pick your own, then?
No, it's bad luck to
pick your own nickname.
I learned that
from my good buddy
Fooﬂong.
God rest his
exaggerating soul.
Fooﬂong.
All right,
listen up.
Hope you packed your Ambiens,
gonna be a long flight.
JASON:
Where we headed?
Saudi Arabia.
Three hours ago,
Shia extremists took hold
of the Qanat of Shaqra.
Qanats are ancient
tunnel systems
that access underground
water sources.
This particular qanat
is at the heart of the largest
water source in Saudi Arabia.
They intend to release
anthrax into the water
if their demands are
not met within 24 hours.
What are their demands?
Does it matter?
They're not getting met.
So, the Saudis have asked
for our help on this.
Anthrax is a self-replicating
bacterium.
Released into that aquifer,
no water there
ever again.
God knows how many it
would just plain kill.
Nothing can go wrong here.
MANDY: Doza operates with
impunity and we dig holes.
Corruption and indifference
are his most powerful allies.
You talking to me or yourself?
Hey.
Well, now you found your agent.
Now what?
Now I transform indifference
Into outrage.
Heard Bravo spun up, huh?
You got that twitch.
Operating's not
the only thing, Adam.
But it's the
biggest thing.
Is it?
You know, believe it
or not, I'm good.
Home life is better than ever.
Regular hours. Wife's happy.
Kids are happy.
Yard's looking tip-top.
Told myself the same
lies for a while.
What made you realize
they were lies?
On my way to work,
half awake, for weeks,
I'd drive to my
old squadron.
I've been doing
the same damn thing.
Harder I tried to convince
myself to enjoy shore duty,
harder I wished I
was back out there.
Feels like purgatory
here, brother.
I hear you.
Jason still being stubborn?
I'm cleared hot, but here I am.
Well...
"Well" what?
You hear what's going on
over at Charlie Team?
Right. Our counterparts
in Saudi intelligence
believe that the extremists
are camped out here,
the mother well-- it's
the main source of the water.
How many extremists?
Could be up to 20.
Not really sure.
What are we clear on?
What we do know is that
this modern access tunnel
leads directly
to their encampment,
but the extremists
have collapsed the entrance
right behind them.
Well, why don't we
help them on their way,
blow the damn thing up,
call it early
and hit a happy hour?
That's great,
but the loss of infrastructure
would cripple the region
for decades.
There's no way
we could clear the rubble?
No, not without alerting
them to our presence.
Can't risk it.That's way too rislq.
Tell you what, why
don't we come at 'em
from a different
direction, right?
There's a vertical
access shaft here
on the other side
of the mother well.
I say we rappel in
and we roll in quiet.
Hit 'em here.
That shaft has not
been active in 200 years,
so it's unlikely these guys
even know about it.
And there's gonna be anthrax
canisters they're gonna be
holding onto down there, too. We
don't want to be hitting those.
CLAY: So, based on
some ancient maps,
we're gonna be jumping into an
old hole filled with bad guys,
booby traps,
and poisonous bacterium.
And spiders.
100% there'll be
spiders there.
Them frealq desert kind
that haven't seen people
since Jesus's time. Okay?
What the hell
is this, Goonies?
Yeah, yeah, it's Goonies.
CLAY:
This is all solid rock?
Yeah. Hundreds of meters,
every direction.
All right, well, comms
aren't gonna work then.
Oh, okay, so what's
the solution there?
Line-of-sight relays.
You know, we just position
some men at intervals
and that way
we can ensure
the execution-checklist items
are communicated back to Havoc.
Yeah, we're good?
We're good.
Yeah.
JASON: Sonny's
fully torqued right now.
ERIC:
All right, let's
get some shut-eye.
Riyadh in six hours.Let's go.
Good catch
with the comms, kid.
Uh, just doing my best.
How's Stella?
She good.
Yeah?
Supposed to, uh,
supposed to meet her
parents this weekend.
Oh-ho, meet the parents.
I bet you're hoping this spin up
lasts longer than expected.
Yeah, man. Dude, Stella's
freaking... stressed out.
Starting to think that her
parents maybe aren't real happy
with her choice,
a team guy.
Yeah.
Tell you what,
Stella's opinion
is the only one
that matters. Okay?
My advice to you is, uh,
just-just be you.
Keep it simple.
That's it.
It'll be enough.
Thanks.
Get some sleep, will you?
SONNY:
What's up, Davis?
Dodged my
question earlier.
What was with the early
workout routine?
What's with you creeping
on my workout schedule?
I wasn't creeping.
All right? You jogged
into my line of sight.
I just never known you
as a morning person.
What in the hell?
Kairos.
Kakos!
Hmm?
You try to put some sort
of bewitchment in my boot?
KAIROS:
I wouldn't do that, man.
That type of crystal forms
in natural charcoal layers.
It's an odor eater.
Your boots are malodorous.
CLAY :
It's true, man.
The freaking smell
of those things
make me want to
suckstart a pistol.
I will push you down the stairs
and blame it on the dog.
You understand me?
Keep your hippie
BS to yourself.
JASON:
Oh, wow.
RAY:
Sir?
Senior Chief.
I, um...
wanted to talk to you
about Charlie Team.
So you heard
Drake's getting out
and you want to know
if the position is open.
Close?
Close.
Well, it doesn't help
that you're having a hard time
with Master Chief Hayes.
Doesn't help.
All right, well,
it's not my place to tell you
whether or not
to 10m another team,
but, well, the reason
you haven't quit yet
is 'cause you
don't know how to.
_ It's not
in your skill set.
It may be the right move.
May be the wrong move.
Doesn't really matter
because what does matter
in this particular situation
is a question that
only you can answer:
do you want to teach
yourself how to quit?
May not have a choice... sir.
_ MANDY: _
Flying across eight time zones
will take years off your life.
You haven't aged a day.
Well, turns out that
nonstop, crushing stress
and binge drinking is good
for the complexion.
You should start
a product line.
Once this thing's over,
stay behind a day or two.
I could use your opinion
on a few things.
I'm sure you could.
Excuse me.
Yeah.
Jason, hey.
Hey.
Been a while.
How's the, uh...?
It's good. Perfect.
Sorry I couldn't visit
you in the hospital.
I was, uh...
work's been busy.
Anything you
can talk about?
Soon.
Ibrahim Antar, right?
Yeah, he uncovered the
2010 Transatlantic bomb plot.
JASON: With the help
of one Mandy Ellis.
Can neither
confirm nor deny.
You two seem,
uh, friendly.
Again, I can neither
confirm nor deny.
Attention.
Please be seated.
I would like to extend
a Sincere welcome
to our American counterparts.
The Shia extremist group
Asbat Al-Allah
are threatening to poison
the water supply
to a million Saudis.
Within 48 hours,
a quarter of our population
will be at risk
of contamination.
The extremists are demanding
that we release dozens
of high-ranking
Iranian prisoners.
This will not happen.
Like the United States,
we don't negotiate
with terrorists.
Elimination of the_ threat
is the only option.
The checkpoint is from a
popular movie called Goonies,
a kids' movie, Spielberg.
How far down is that, you think?400 feet.
That thing seriously not
at the bottom yet?
Havoc, this is 1.
Standing by.
Havoc to Bravo 1.
We read you, Lima Charlie.
Good luck down there.
Bravo Team, friendly reminder,
we have 55 minutes until
the extremists' deadline.
We're operating
with only a line of sight.
Comms win_dows
every five minutes.
FULL METAL:
Yo, Hayes.
Yeah?Don't die, man.
Yeah, I'll do my best,
all right?
SONNY:
Hey, Abdul.
Makes you feel any better,
a fall from 200 feet
will kill you just as good
as a fall from 400 feet.
Shouldn't have
told you that, huh?
Havoc, this is 1.
Passed the Chunk.
Roger that, 1, we copy, Chunk.
CLAY:
Bravo 2 to Havoc.
We are proceeding
to enter the tunnel system.
ERIC:
Copy that.
How's your team feeling?
Conﬁdent
Basara, too?
Basara doesn't like uncertainty.
As long as your men make
the comms windows on time,
he'll be fine.
DAVIS: Bravo Team,
mission deadline: 34 mikes.
Repeater, here.
Havoc Base, this is Bravo 2.
I passed Sloth.
CLAY: I passed Sloth.
Havoc Base, this is Bravo 2.
I passed Sloth.Roger, 2, Havoc copies Sloth.
JASON: Hold up.
Kairos, what's he got?
Look, we don't got time
to meditate, Siddhartha.
Yep. Well, I was just
about to tell you that.
Covering their bases.
Havoc, this is 1.
Go for Havoc.We've stopped.
_We've come across _
a Sowet Claymore and trip Wire.
Bravo 7's on it.
The charge is old,
blasting cap is unstable.
Might take a few.
We don't have a few.
All right.
Havoc, this is 1.
Leaving EOD here.
Moving forward.
Give me some space?
Havoc, this is Bravo 2.
We got troops in contact.
I repeat: troops in contact.
Cover!
Bravo 1, this is Havoc.
Radio check, over.
What just happened?
Jace!
Bravo 1, Bravo 1. Radio check.
Bravo 1, this is Havoc.
Radio check, over.
CLAY:
Havoc, this is Bravo 2.
Loud and clear, 2.
Give me a sitrep.
We're down
one Saudi counterpart.
Bravo 1, Bravo 3, and Bravo 5
are on the other side
of a tunnel collapse.
Their status is unknown.
We got zero comms
with the rest of the team.
Bravo 2, radio check.
Bravo 2, do you copy?SONNY:
Jace.
They had to hear
that explosion.
They're gonna dump
that anthrax.
Don't have a choice.
Press forward.
Bravo 1, this is Havoc.
Radio check, over.
Cannot confirm contact
with the men on the other side?
Negaﬁve.
How will they complete
their comms windows?
They can't until
they clear the cave-in.
Asbat Al-Allah is now
alerted to our presence.
We can't_ risk the lives
of one million CIVIlians.
You failed to set our
conditions. We have no choice.
Commander, evacuate
the rest of your team.
Not until they get
to my other men.
We don't know if they're alive.
And we have_little time
to confirm.
What is your plan, General?
They're enacting a fail-safe.
Why weren't we
aware of this?
I wasn't
until just now.
Basara is scrambling two F-16s.
A thermobaric bomb.
If your team misses
the next comms window,
they're gonna vaporize
the entire structure.
How much time do we have?
Seven minutes.
Down. Get down,
get down!
SONNY: One-eyed
Willy's down.
Sonny, secure the anthrax.
I'd rather be holding spiders
right now.
So, that's jackpot.
That's the jackpot.
Mission complete.
Now we just got to figure out
a way how to communicate it.
What do you mean?
We missed two comm windows.
Basara's not gonna
be happy about that.
They'll have contingencies.
Yes, they will.
Let's go.
ERIC:
Bravo 2, our Saudi counterparts
are requesting
that you exfil immediately.
Havoc Base, Havoc Base,
say again your last?
Saudi command is unwilling
to risk the poisoning
of the aquifer.
Need a status report,
immediately.
They're gonna bomb it.
KAIROS:
Thermobaric, for sure.
Bomb like that will turn
every bit of oxygen down here
into heat as hot as the sun.
It'll boil the water, vaporize
everything, including us.
Keep working.
Yeah.
Havoc,
this is Bravo 2.
Myself, the rest of Bravo,
we're gonna sit tight.
Go ahead and Charlie Mike.
Any chance you can send us down
some shovels and pickaxes?
Bravo 2, tools inbound.
DAVIS:
Alpha 1, we need some
manual tools down there ASAP.
Anything that can crush rock,
move soil.
Roger that. Moving. Let's go.
Bravo 2, you got five minutes
till your final comm window.Havoc, this is Alpha.
Alpha 1 and 2, headed down
with manual tools.
Bravo 2, radio check.
Radio check, radio check,
Bravo 2.
This right here.Yeah.
Maybe it runs under the cave
into the other side.
Know what? That's a good idea,
Sonny. That's a good idea.
WWRD.
"What Would Ray Do?"
FULL METAL: Damn. I thought
you guys could use some help.
CLAY: Well, you
thought right.
Got it?Thanks.
You getting it?Litt|e bit...
Havoc, this is Bravo 2.
I need at least
three more mikes.
We're making some headway here.
Negative, Bravo 2.
You don't have any more time.
Oh. Hey. Hey!
Hey, you guys,
shut off your lights.
JASON: Keep shoving those
in there, Sonny. Let's go.
Havoc, this is Bravo 2.
Bravo 1 and Bravo 3 are alive,
they're sending us a signal
over here with some chem lights
underneath this cave-in.
We're gonna proceed
with the dig.
Copy that, Bravo 2.
BASARA: Lights are
a confirmation of nothing.
They could've fallen off a body.
With respect, sir,
these are Tier One operators,
the best soldiers in the world.
Including one
of your own, Kahlil...
I know Kahlil's name.
He is my best friend's son.
I also know I
can't exchange
the lives of a million
for the lives of a few.
I'm sure you understand
these calculations.
In particular,
being CIA.
We proceed with fail-safe,
because we have no choice,
at all.
They're alive.
I need more time.Not possible.
I trusted your gut once.Don't...
UPS Flight 232. I trusted you.
You were right.
If you had been wrong,
my whole career
would have been over.
And if you're wrong here,
my career will be over.
Without di_rect
confirmation,
Basara will not call off
the strike.
The best you can do is buy time.
Make a comms window.
Switch to channel two.
That's gonna take us off
of comms...
ERIC :
Havoc Base, this is Bravo 1.
In the blind, I pass Data.
I say again, I pass Data.
Good copy, Bravo 1.
I copy Data.
Bravo 1 just
passed Data.
Let's wait to see if they make
their next comm window.
Five minutes.
PILOT:
Target is in range.
Weapon is hot.
Bravo 2, give me a sitrep.
Come on, come on.
Give me a minute,
Blackburn, all right?
We're trying to hurry. Come on.
ERIC:
Bravo 2, you got a minute left.
You're taking this
down to the wire.
Got a big piece here.
I got this.
Jace!
Shh, shh, shh.
Let's listen, let's listen.
Bravo 2.
Jace!
Jackpot. We're good.
Jackpot, jackpot, jackpot.
Havoc, this is 1.
I pass jackpot.
I say again, pass jackpot.
Mission complete.
Copy that, Bravo 1.
Head to exfil.
Good work, guys.
Not a bad idea.
Wasn't my idea.
Mine was about you staying
behind a couple of days.
What do you think?
I think I heard you got married.
So I'm hearing that, uh,
you can do a pretty good
imitation of me, Blackburn.
Oh, what? I've just been
practicing in the mirror.
Is that right?
Go ahead, let me see it.Yeah.
I'm Jason Hayes...I'm Jason Hayes?
I don't say that.
First of all, I don't say
I'm Jason Hayes.
We're gone before sunup.
That's what we do.
Jason Hayes. Harrington.Yeah.
I heard a better Davis.
Yes, sir.
When was this?
VVhen?
Got it.
Aw, nappy-poo
time, huh?
Get some
beauty sleep
before you deeply disappoint
your future in
You know, I could've left you
in that hole, Sonny.
Yeah.
Well, you know, you may be
a dead ringer for Peter Pan,
and Kairos here is liable
to worship Beelzebub,
but I got to say, uh,
you both got big cojones
for staying down there
like that.
Vaya con Dios,bro.Easy, Kairos.
Oh, there they go.
What's up?
Congrats, guys. I heard it got
a little sticlq down there.
It was good.
Yeah?
Yeah, you know what,
to be honest, Ray,
we were a little shorthanded.
Saying you needed
a little help?
I don't know. Anyone from
Green Team worth a damn?
You ever hear the saying "quit
while you're ahead," Jason?
Quit? That's really funny
coming from a guy like you
'cause what I'm hearing
is that you're
window-shopping other teams.
You know what
I'm done shopping.
Hey, what's wrong?
Nothing in the fridge.
Okay, well, that's easy to fix.
What's wrong?
I could use a beer.
I guess I got too used
to the consistency.
I'm fine.You're clearly not.
Didn't you see what
being home did for you?
You were happy.
You were there
for Emma and Mikey.
Emma came home
from Shawboro beaming,
told me she loved
having you there.
She said that?
But now,
two spin-ups, and we're back to,
"Which Jason is coming home?"
Conquering hero?
Or the angry, turbulent soul
who saw something go sideways?
The mission went fine.
What is it then?
We might not be together, but
I know you better than anyone.
We're still friends... right?
Of course, but...
right now, I don't want
to talk about it.
Ijust want my mind off it.
Okay.
Look, I'm gonna go grab HEB's
finest bottle of $12 red,
a rotisserie chicken, and beer.
When you move into your place,
you might want to have a plan
for keeping
your kitchen stocked.
I'm really sorry again
for being late.
Coming from overseas
and only seven minutes late,
uh, you're good.
Where overseas?I'm not really,
not really allowed
to talk about it.
Well, wherever it was,
it looks like
they had you playing
in the dirt.
STELLA:
Mom.
Uh...
No. Uh, yeah, they did,
in a sense, yeah.
Uh, some wine for anyone?
Uh, yeah, white,
uh, French.
WAITER:
OUI monSIeur.
Merci.
You speak
French, Clay.
Clay speaks six languages.
So how does it work
between you two,
with the amount of time
that Clay is gone, fighting?
Do you have any control
with your schedule, Clay?
Um, no, no, not at all.
My-my team and I
are called and we go.
BRETT:
You just go.
Follow the order.
It is the military, sir.
Doesn't sound like
that would make
for a very stable
home life.
Seems unfair to ask that
of a woman,
all that worrying,
fear of losing you
while you're out
following orders
in the field,
doing whatever craven
politicians tell him to do.
Okay, Dad, I think I told you...
Yeah. No, I mean,
I-I do follow orders.
And it's true
there are some
really terrible people
in our government.
But I do this so...
so the people I love,
like Stella,
never have to
see the things
that I've seen _overseas
here on American son.
I don't, I don't plan on
doing this until I'm dead.
You know, I... I want to have
a-a stable future
with your daughter,
I want to have kids.
I want to try and maybe
run for office one day.
You know, see if I...
see ifI can try and unseat
one of those bad eggs
you're talking about
and maybe make
this country
a little bit better.
Y'all can, y'all can
see me as just a pawn.
That's fine, but...
I'm still gonna love Stella,
and that's not gonna change.
All well and good, Clay,
until you come home in a box.
What about Stella then?
JASON:
I don't understand.
You just have one remote
for the TV.
Can't just have one, right
You got to be kidding,
she's knocking.
Alana, why are you knocking?
What're you knocking for?
It's... You forget your keys?
Technology, I don't understand.
Why can't there just be...
PATROLMAN:
Are you Jason Hayes?
What can I help you with?
I'm sorry to have
to tell you this.
It's your wife.
There's been an accident.
She's being'transported
to Ramston
Medical Center...
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org